Somebody drag it down
Make a decision
Wait, Emperor, I haven't despised it yet
How can you judge me to lose?
How does that compare?
That's a kitchen knife.
Can you defeat Dong Qiang's peerless sword?
I regret it.
I also accompanied you here for a long time
Drag down phoenix
If you want him to die, you have to give him something to say
Or let them try
Father, let him try
Death sooner or later is death
Why rush for a moment and a half?
Humph
OK
Let's start comparing
My sword can blow hair off
Is your knife okay?
No.
You lose and die
Hey, hey, wait a minute.
The battlefield is a fight with real swords and real guns
It's not a hair-blowing contest.
The toughness of the first section of the bending steel is not enough
Break as soon as you cut
Top ass
Then you mean to cut it right?
Tell me if you dare or not.
My sword has cut through hundreds of private blades
I'm also afraid of your broken kitchen knife
Come on
Or you cut me
This will cut your knife off in a while
Don't say I took advantage of you